To do for website:
5. Please test payment methods, some of them don't work and you get an error
6. search bar doesn't work -- frozr_items_vendors_general_search
7. Please test the whole ordering process on the website and if you find anything that doesn't look good, anything that doesn't work or anything that
 could confuse the customer, please let me know and fix it
8. Also make sure that everything is responsive for mobile, especially the vendor dashboard is important because vendors will use it mostly from their phones (e.g. header currently looks not good on mobile)


For the website:
1. Can we remove the white screen, which appears if you access the website for the first time (where you enter the address)
2. Can we show on the main page all restaurants and not only the ones depending on the location. And instead of the slider, make multiple rows. Closer restaurants to location are shown first if location is entered.
3. can we integrate a GPS tracking function in the address bar. So the user can click on it and it accesses to the users location and puts the address in the field
4. error on mobile mainpage (see screenshot)

A few things for the website:
1. I noticed the restaurant search bar still doesn't work, I get always the error "something went wrong"
2. Please also change the font color to black at all buttons where the text color is still white
3. website text not correctly displayed (see screenshot)
4. I also noticed it's not possible to select delivery or pickup option on website
5. If you click on one of the posts, the footer is shown twice
6. At posts: Can we show the picture as full screen (like posts on home screen) (see screenshot)
7. Please make the category icons larger

For assignment process:
1. Can we implement that if a driver doesn't rejects or accepts an order within 25s, another external driver gets the order and so on. So we can make sure that every order will be processed as fast as possible.
2. If for any reason no external driver is available for auto assign, the admin should get somehow a notification about it


vendor dashboard:
1. Is it possible to add an auto print function for the receipt of new orders? So it can be activated or deactivated (like notifications) and it 
   automatically prints the receipt if a new order arrives
5. If someone selects preorder, the vendor will think he needs to prepare the order now and if only external driver activated, 
   the driver will get notification immediately. But this should not be the case if anybody pre orders for example 6pm, but current time is 3pm.    
   So in this case, the vendor should see the time until when he has to prepare the order (selected delivery time minus time from restaurant to 
   customer), maybe we can also show these orders with orange background. And driver should be assigned 10min before the "prepare time". 
   So for example pre order for 6pm, "prepare time" is 5.40pm (10min to reach customer) and the driver gets the assignment at 5.50pm.
 



5354 5600 9059 3645
Date: 03/26
CCV: 279
Name: Markus Galli
